Hi and welcome back to our decorator's.
So here is let's just go back and redo the same example that we did in the closing video.
So let's go ahead and write it from scratch.
So we have this calendar function that takes in a function as a parameter of an argument and we have
a local variable count which will be initially equal to zero count.
You all were going to count how many times the function F N is being called.
So initially it's been called 0 times.
Next we're going to define an in a function call in a function where it's going to be very generic in
terms of what variable what parameters it can take in.
And the reason for that is because it is then going to call then using those arguments.
So if we keep this very generic That means that we can handle any function in any function and any of
you know any combination of parameters.
So let's go ahead and call.
We want to increment our counsel we have to make count non-local then we can say count plus equals 1.
So now we're incrementing complicating track of how many times effen is going to be called.
We're also going to print it out.
We're going to say function zero was called up 1 times and we're going to format it.
We're going to look at Afaan now.
Fm is a free variable.
It's referencing the F-in which is the parameter here in counting.
So it's a local variable to counter.
So FM and Dundon name and was called how many times will count and that's how many times it was called
and now we also need to call FLN.
So now we're going to call a friend with whatever we pass tend to in Cafe is going to most likely return
a result maybe nothing or none.
But we're still going to capture that in some of the variable results and then we can return the results
so we can do it this way off and we could even do some things afterwards here we could say print result
right.
We can do other things after we've called the function.
But the last thing we need to do is to return that result in this case.
I don't want to put any code in between.
So I'm simply going to return it from here.
The same thing I haven't done anything different.
And then finally we have to return the calls.
So we have to return in.
So energy is a closure.
It has two free variables count and F-ed star arms and Stockwell's are not free variables.
None of those will be free variables because they are parameters they are arguments to.
So they're local in not free variables.
OK.
So that's our closure.
That's how we're going to generate our clothes.
Next we're going to define a simple function and a can be called Zero.
And let's go ahead and put some annotations in here.
Let's say they make of them all make them both integers.
Obviously they they'll have to be I'm just putting that in.
Let's put a docstring as well.
So this might be adds to two values something like that.
And where are they going to do very simply return a plus.
All right.
So now we have an.
And you'll notice that and we can look at the help on and it tells us help on function and in module
main add a and b and Tichel 0 adds two values.
Right.
So we get our signature we get the annotations the default value the docstring which function was.
And we can also look at the ID of.
And so this is the memory address that the label and points to this memory address is where this function
resides in memory.
Now what we can do is we can set add equal to counter.
And so now we're calling Kelter passing you know and function counter is going to return a closure and
we're assigning that closure to this label.
And then we go.
You'll notice though that the idea of ADD has changed.
It's no longer the same here if we had you know 1 6 8 4 0 and here 1 8 0 6 4 it's actually funny that
the digits kind of just got scrambled but stay the same.
You won't get the same thing.
But the two different functions.
They're not the same function.
This adhesive which was this ad over here is this function here.
And we get that we have here is really nothing more than the closure that gets returned from Count two
separate functions.
And so if you look at the health of and while it's changed because it's giving us help on what on this
in a function here.
And so that's why it tells us this is help on function in in Madill Maine.
And here's the signature of a style.
Style Starcade.
And so as you can see we've kind of lost what the definition of ad was.
We've lost the method data regarding the signature the documents string all that stuff is gone.
Any you know any notations for the parameters.
Any defaults all that stuff is gone.
But we can call and just like we did before.
Because.
Why.
Only because the inner function is going to run our original ad function.
Rhumba FM the free variable is what it is.
The add function over here
so we can call and we have let's say 10 and 20 and
has no attributes.
Matt Yamas have done a typo somewhere.
There we go from naturally format.
OK let's rerun this.
And what I'm going to do is well I'm going to put in ID equals one.
I want to show you that as well while we're at it.
Saltcoats So name is going to be the.
Then we're going to put in the ID of f fun.
And then the count K so now let's rerun all this help on.
And just as before.
Now the idea is going to change right because this is a new function.
So this is the memory address of all add function.
Now I'm going to create the new version of ADD by running and through counters and we can see that the
idea of ADD has changed.
It's no longer the same because now this ad is the in a function it's that closure.
Again we call help on add we don't get anything.
Now this should run just fine at 10 and 20.
Here's what it did.
It returns 30 right.
That was the return value of calling and the new and which is the inner function.
So in the 10 plus 20 yeah because that's what we did we return and applied to whatever arguments we
passed in when we call it and we call it passing and 10 and 20 you'll notice that the ID here is the
idea of what it's the idea of effen in the closure of the free variable FM that memory address is the
same as our original and.
Right.
So same one this one and this one are the same but not the same as the closure that gets returned.
So I keep harping on that but hopefully now you get the idea.
So of course we can passen you know 20 and 40 for example we get 60 back.
And remember that ad had a default value for B.
So we could even say add just 10.
Paul I can't spell it out of 10 or 10 plus 0 is 10.
And so that's why we use this very generic way of star arms and starstuff coupons because we can now
also support other things we could say def moÍt let's say a and b is R and C isn't and it's got a default
value of 1 and let's just leave it at that.
And you know we may have a documented string and would say multiplies three values or something like
that.
And this is going to return eight times b times c.
And let's go ahead and make this let's do this.
Let's make it a bit more interesting and let's say that D is a key word only parameter.
So this multiplies now full values and will do that.
OK.
So this is on multi-functional we can call mult using 1 2 3 and 4.
So this is going to multiply 1 2 3 and 4.
But of course it's not going to work this way.
Why.
Because D is a key word only.
So we call it that tells us you can't do that.
So instead we have to say the books full and now that multiplied 1 to 3 in full OK.
Now of course we can call it mulct 1 2 and equals 3.
This should give us one times two times one which was the default.
Or C times D which is 3 and indeed we get 6 back.
Now we can use this.
We can pass through our counter.
So you'll notice that the signature of molt and the signature of and of very different from each other
and two to positional mult has three positional and one keyword parameter key would only parameter and
it's a required one too.
So we can do that.
And again if we look at health on molts it's all gone.
OK.
So our original function mult is not the mult.
Here again it's just the clothes.
However we can call it the same way we do it so we can say one comma to comment three comedy full.
So remember these arguments are going to get packaged up into style and style Starcade.
And so when we call the inner function which is what we're calling that's what mult is not it's the
in a function.
And at the end of the day it's going to take those same arguments in the same way we basically pass
them in to the in a function and call F-in using those same arguments.
Hence why this is going to return the correct value 24 which is what we had over there.
The only difference is because the closure of this in a function was doing some extra stuff.
It also printed out function mulct with some ID which would have been the idea of this mult.
Over here is what's called one times.
And so of course it will handle the ball.
The second example we had as well.
Like so and so we get six.
So this is what we call decorating a function.
When we say mult loops crop they just highlighted.
They'll be easier when I say multi equals counter of malt we decorated molt using Callander.
So counter is called the decorator's and mold is the decorated with the function being decorated.
And this malt over here is the decorated function.
In other words it's what we get back it's the closure that we get back from the decorator.
So there's an easy way to do these two steps death and then the second step.
Q count of mult in one step.
So let's say that we have a I'm going to read redo and maybe or.
Yeah let's do that.
So instead of saying def will actually do something very different let's say my phunk takes in a single
parameter S which should be a string let's say.
And it returns a string and let's say we have a string and we have an AI which isn't OK.
So this is the function.
And what is what does my funk going to do.
Well I wanted to just return as times I right.
So now I could do this and I could say my fonk equals calendar's of my funk so I could decorate my funk
using this syntax or instead of doing that I can do it this way.
So it's going to be exactly the same deal.
So now we've decorated my Phunk with counter.
And if we look at help on my phunk Well it's now the same old inner that we see again.
It's been decorated.
And we can call my funk so we can pass in let's say a 10.
And of course our output is 10 days it's a multiply string a multiply by 10.
And then we can see that our closure ran it printed out the name of my fonk its memory address and how
many times it's been called.
So far so that's how the closure syntax works.
It's really just syntactic.
There is nothing special about that.
That's any different from what we did.
Using this approach you.
It's identical.
It does the same thing OK.
So now you know what decorators are.
And it's really nothing more that what seen before when we were working with code.
However what's happening here is that you know when we look at help on my phunk well walk out and have
anything in my fun that you can see that it's not cold in there.
We don't have the right arguments.
In fact with good help on let's say Loaf's right and we've lost all that information about what mulct
was.
So there's a way that we could fix that ourselves in certain ways.
And I want to point out again what is molts done the name you should know that it's in English and the
molts docstring is well it's empty because we didn't have a documents string in it.
If we did that's what it would show up on the facts.
We can do this
and well I'm going to do is I'm going to take this function copy paste and let's redo it here.
OK.
So here I'm going to say this is the in a closed code.
Now we have that.
Now we need to redefine my multifunction because I don't have that anymore I don't have a label that
refers to this multifunction anymore.
So me copy paste that.
And now I can write mulk I can decorate molts using this syntax like so.
And now if I do help on molts you'll see that we get the documents string from in there as well.
So hopefully that helps convince you that we're just getting information about the in a function that
was in the decorator in a function the the closure.
OK so how can we fix that one way of doing it.
If you just want to fix let's say the documentation string and the name well we have the name of the
documentation's documentation string available what is it.
Well it's the name and documentation string of FM.
So before we return energy we could say energy Dundon name equals FM Dundon name.
And we could say Inish Dundalk equals Afaan Dundalk cake.
So we could write it this way and then we can rerun all this code and you'll notice that.
Now what do we have.
We have help on function molts.
That's because we've changed the name property of enemies.
It's still the in a function though but we've changed the name of Innes a knight says mulct and the
documentation string is now correct as well because we've set out documentation strings.
My original function that we passed in to the decorator to the counter and we've assigned it to the
closure to the in a function but of course as you can see the arguments are all incorrect in terms of
what the original function was.
They don't reflect that.
So there's ways that you can build that up but it's actually gets quite complicated.
So instead Python has a module called fun tools.
So from fun tools we're going to import another function called wrap and Sari wraps wraps is basically
itself a decorator and it's something that if you pass that closure in it's going to understand that
it needs to document the in the closure that gets written using that function that original function.
So how do we use that.
Well it's very simple.
So I'm going to copy paste this down here.
And let's see.
So now what I need to do is I don't want to use this anymore to fix up the meta data.
Instead I'm going to use this wraps closure to basically have Python go ahead and fix up the method
data of the closure before I return.
Now Raf's is itself a closure.
So there's two ways we can call.
And we haven't gotten yet to parameterised decorator's.
We'll get to that in the next set of videos but decorators can also have their own parameters.
Over and above just the function parameter here and the way that we're going to do it is one of two
ways we can either decorate the function using the decorator syntax but of course what happens is that
wraps needs to know what your original function.
Which one are you using.
And so I have to tell it because it doesn't know that it's FLN right.
Fm could be some other document.
How do you know which argument to look at.
You have to tell it.
So in this case I'm saying while I want you to wrap in here using Raf's I want you to decorate it with
wraps.
And by the way the function that I'm on my original function is this thing here.
And which is this parameter here.
So you could do it this way or you could do it this way you could say Inish equals wraps F-in.
Now wraps effen is going to return its self a function and then you pass it in.
So you can do it this way this will become clear when we look at decorated parameters are decorated
parameterised decorators sorry.
So either one of these will work just fine.
Let's go ahead and keep it this way for example.
OK.
So now we have this decorator and I need to grab the mult function again so I need to redefine its OK.
So we have help on moÍt K which we have normal as as before we have the name mulk we have the proper
signature we have the documents string.
So everything looks good.
Now let's go ahead and decorate.
Get I could have done it in one shot but I just wanted to show you what the help was in the original
multifunction.
So now it's decorated by doing multi-course counter-offered of molts.
And now let's look at health and not help on mulct.
And you can see we now get the same thing back so our name is fixed up the document string.
God retained.
And the signature is not correct as well.
And if you use the inspect module you'll find that the signatures correct in there as well too.
So this is how you can fix up the method data that comes back from a decorated function.
Something that I would advise you do you don't have to.
It all depends on you know how the code is being used and whether you want it to be more transparent
or you don't care about you know the original function becoming kind of opaque.
Now you can really see it anymore and you don't even know what it was originally before it got decorated.
If that's OK then you don't have to use the wraps.
But if you'd rather be able to see something like this in your code or be able to inspect using the
inspection module and the signature and get your variables out you all remember all that all those videos
that we had on inspection and introspection.
Well you would benefit from that if you use that wraps decorator.
All right.
So thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next video.